Oh, I have many beginnings Today is before entering
It is 8 rather than try to make your own pc in about ¥ 35000
I am using some new equipment Patik up here this time Pocha cp
I want to support
Unreasonable a series
It is a system of 5800
When
Among the cpu amd that has improved graphic performance
as a series
First
It's a tall guy, isn't it about 12000 yen ?
Socket is fm 2
8 clock frequency is certainly 3.8
We purchased with most 2000 Sofmap Yes It is this
Next is the motherboard motherboard
U
Here
How is it?
from gigabyte
It becomes 75 md 3 h of 8 f 2 boats
Micro atx
Properly
fm
Right
Yes Motherboard was about 6600 yen here
As a feature of the gb Te
Japanese manual is attached
Well would Well good in this
Here
It is the next memory It is memory this time we use ddr 3 this time
The fact that Well I moat model
Take care
i 3 certainly there cut here.
Of Well pc 3
It is 600 of 10,000 It is over 10,600
It is a thing with permanent guarantee Yes here
so
I use from the beginning
8 windows
No
Software is 32-bit version
It is a flow rate product from before that I would like to do if I use it, yes
The
And
Fight N
Do you see
Hard disk
adly immediately of kb in Well
Is it about 8000 yen by hard disk
It comes out from the place called wd green
3.5 inches
Externally written and written
We think that we want to build in normally and need power supply by this as power supply is necessary by this
Not
Click here for Oh
8 look or what
Oh from the change in the Meiji
Well from the power cable 4 pin of Saturn
Kana look
It is 4 articles, and sata power supply becomes 2 from 4 pins
Use this to increase the power supply
Is I would like to put Well Well now pc Oh
athlon ii was so much performance improvement that the previous pc's
I think I want to see the specs
I see 8
The spec is here
The memory is so cpu is the processor
6.3 and memory 5.5
Graphics 3.4
And there are 3 game graphics 5.0 and primary hard
disk
Is 5.9
It is a net
I don't know how many times I 'm doing well, but this time I want to add 3 yen 2000 yen
Than was calm about
Oh dear
Kana 4 years ago Kana assembled 4 years ago
y The following also I 4-year fight such Pi
Out performance-year-old it Nari so I want to make the personal computer does not Toka relatively separately game
I'm happy even here if me
Well, I would like to make it, so I will give you a video again after making it.
I will